How to fight against the yellowness and dullness that are unique to Asians?
Some people say I can use VC,
but after using it,
my skin becomes even more yellow. Some people say I can use niacinamide,
but it turns out that it’s not the right approach.
Some people say
that yellowness and dullness are unique to old people.
I’m young now,
so I can’t use it.
That’s not true.
If you don’t take care of yourself right,
young people
will also have dullness.
In this issue,
we will do a special topic
on skin care. Where does this yellowness come from and where
should we let it go ?
We will conduct a systematic analysis
to help everyone avoid detours
on the road to whitening and beauty.
First of all,
where does this yellowness and dullness come from?
Some people say it is because Some say it's because of too much melanin.
Some say
it's because of too many free radicals
, so the collagen denatures and the
skin becomes less transparent.
Some say it's because of drinking too much milk tea,
which results in the face being glycated.
All of the above opinions
are correct, but not complete.
The overall color of our skin
is determined by three parts: skin color, uniformity of refractive index
, and scattering of the skin surface
. First of all
, skin color is the color of the skin.
This color is determined by two pigments.
One is called eumelanin, which
dominates dark skin.
For example, Africans
have a higher eumelanin content.
The other
is called pheomelanin,
which dominates light skin.
For example, Europeans have a higher skin content. Whiter
skin is mainly composed of pheomelanin, with
very little eumelanin.
Asians
have both eumelanin and
pheomelanin in
different ratios,
resulting in different skin tones.
So, today's topic
isn't about the yellowish color of Asians. Where does it come from?
Pheomelanin is one of the key factors,
as it
not only dominates lighter skin tones like yellow, but also
makes your skin uglier
through oxidation.
Secondly,
let's talk about the uniformity of the skin's
refractive index.
Refractive index,
as defined in physics,
refers to the speed difference of light passing through different media.
For example,
this is a chopstick
in the air. In the air,
it looks straight and
clear.
But if we pour water into it,
we can see that the chopsticks bend.
Why do they bend?
It is because the refractive index in water
is different from that in air.
Imagine
what would happen
if I put a handful of soil in the water.
The water would become turbid
and we would not be able to see the chopsticks.
Our skin is actually the same.
Our dermis contains about 70%-80% water.
The rest of the substances
are mainly composed of substances such as collagen and hyaluronic
acid that
can combine with water.
When hyaluronic acid and collagen
grab water molecules
, they will be in the skin. Forming such a
relatively uniform
system will make our skin look more transparent.
However, when your skin is dehydrated
or your collagen and hyaluronic acid are lost,
its refractive index will be very uneven,
and our skin transparency will decrease
and the skin will become darker.
Having talked about the pigmentation problem
and the light-blocking rate problem in the skin,
let's talk about the scattering rate of the skin surface.
What does it affect
? ​​Scattering
rate,
as the name suggests , is a state of
diffuse reflection
when light hits the skin surface.
When our skin is rough,
has various textures
, and is thicker in cuticle,
the degree of scattering will be more chaotic.
Our skin It looks dull.
For example, if you
apply a layer of foundation
, we fill in the rough textures and
your skin looks bright
because the reflection becomes even.
But too even is not good.
For example, if you have oily skin
and produce a lot of oil
, your face will look shiny.
This is called mirror reflection.
Mirror reflection makes people look dirty.
This is not good either.
Let's start with these three parts
to tell you how to improve yellowness and dullness.
First of all, the first skin color problem
is nothing more than sun protection and whitening.
There are two things that people easily overlook.
I want to tell you in particular
that post-sun cleaning and post-sun repair
may be the same as sun protection. Why is
post-sun cleaning so important?
Some waterproof and high-factor sunscreens
cannot be cleaned off even with facial cleansers.
When they cannot be cleaned off,
they will remain on your face and oxidize
. After oxidation, they will irritate your skin
and produce more melanin.
Wouldn't that mean your skin will be whitened?
The key to post-sun repair
is soothing and cooling after
sun exposure
. Because in the summer,
in addition to ultraviolet radiation, we are
also exposed to infrared radiation
. Infrared radiation will heat our skin
, and this heat will continue
after you go indoors after
sun exposure
as long as your skin temperature does not drop. This heating will also promote the production of melanin and
make you darker again.
So when we
return home after a day's trip,
the first thing
to do is to wash off our sunscreen.
After washing it off,
let your skin cool down and soothe.
Only by doing these two actions
can you lay a good foundation for the subsequent whitening.
How to choose
products for skin color problems? For recommendations on sunscreen,
you can refer to
the sunscreens I mentioned
in my previous sunscreen special.
As for products for cleaning sunscreen,
if you choose waterproof sunscreen or high-factor sunscreen,
I recommend that you use makeup remover to wash it off
, such as Shu Uemura's Amber Cleansing Oil
Bobbi Brown makeup remover oil
and Farmacy makeup remover balm, etc.
If it is a low-factor commuting sunscreen
and not waterproof,
you can use facial cleanser to wash it off,
such as Freeplus Amino Acid Facial Cleanser
or Paula's Choice Green Snot Facial Cleanser.
These can be used
for after-sun repair products.
There are mainly two
types. One is a large spray,
such as La Roche-Posay Large Spray and
Avène Large Spray.
The other is a mask
, such as La Roche-Posay B5 Mask and
Eucerin Mask. These can all be used
for cooling after sun exposure.
I recommend the hydrogel-type fever-reducing patch.
It is relatively cheap
and practical.
The temperature is neither too hot nor too cold,
just right. I
have to remind everyone here
that when you are sweating and
your pores are open,
do not use iced masks or large sprays to cool down,
as this will cause new stimulation to the skin . It is better
to have adequate sun protection.
For whitening
, refer to the 16-type whitening method we talked about before.
In fact, among the 16-type whitening method we talked about before,
there is a special type.
It is the dull type.
When we talked about the dull type before,
we said that when choosing products and ingredients, we
should focus on
the four anti-oxidation, anti-glycation, anti-glycosylation and anti-blue light.
In this way,
the two major internal factors that affect our yellowness and dullness
are solved together. For
suitable products,
you can refer to all the products involved
in the 16-type whitening method I mentioned before.
I will also
put them at the end of the video.
You can take screenshots for reference and collection.
The third part is to improve the scattering rate of the skin surface.
Its main method is to make the cuticle smooth.
There is also a hidden point
here.
In fact, our stratum corneum
also contains There is melanin,
and when you properly exfoliate,
not only can you smooth the skin
texture,
but you can also let some excess
useless melanin leave your body,
making you look whiter.
When it comes to exfoliation,
the most well-known method is to use acid.
There are many kinds of
acids on the market
, such as glycolic acid, mandelic acid, and lactic acid
, which are called first-generation fruit acids,
and gluconolactone, lactobionic acid, and
maltobionic acid,
which are second-, third-, and fourth-generation fruit acids.
Although they can all soften and exfoliate
, their exfoliating abilities are different.
For example, the first-generation fruit acid is the strongest,
especially glycolic acid and mandelic acid , which are very strong,
while the second, third, and fourth-generation
fruit acids are also very strong . Fourth-generation glycolic acids
have weaker exfoliating abilities
, but they are gentler and
more moisturizing.
So when choosing products,
if your skin is sensitive
or dry
, you should
choose from second-, third-, and fourth-generation glycolic acids.
If your skin is oily
and thick, you can
choose from first-generation glycolic acids, especially glycolic acid and mandelic acid.
In addition to acids,
there is another type of product that can exfoliate
, and that is protease.
It is written in the formula sheet and is
generally called keratinase,
papain, or bromelain.
These proteases
also have the ability to exfoliate and soften keratin,
but they
are less irritating
and more suitable for people with more sensitive and
drier skin.
However, whether it is an acid product
or an enzyme product,
you must pay attention to
the frequency of
use .
The frequency I recommend is
about 1 to 2 times a week.
I will post the products involved
at the end of the video
for your reference and collection.
So if you want to improve your skin tone and radiance,
it will never be solved by a single product.
Instead, it
requires systematic analysis
and long-term persistence.
I am the formulator Xingxing.
If you think what I said is helpful to you,
please like, subscribe, and collect it.
In the end, I hope everyone can have healthy and good skin.